{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12400\viewh12940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \\"Anchorman 2\\", or \\"Anchorman: The Legend Continues\\" filmed recently in Atlanta and brought a number of stars to the area including Kristen Wiig, Harrison Ford, Jim Carrey, Steve Carell, Will Ferrell, Liam Neeson, Nicole Kidman, Kirsten Dunst, Paul  Rudd, Sacha Baron Cohen, James Marsden, Vince Vaughn, Christina Applegate, and Tina Fey.\
\
\\"The Watch\\", released last year, filmed in Atlanta, Marietta, Powder Springs, and various other locations in Georgia. The film stars Ben Stiller, Vince Vaughn, Jonah Hill, and Richard Ayoade.\
\
\\"Wanderlust\\" was released last year and stars Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd. Georgia filming locations include Atlanta, Clarkesville, Lawrenceville, and Monroe.\
\
\\"The Internship\\", which opened this June, was partially filmed at Georgia Tech and a few other Atlanta locations. Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson star in the film.\
\
\\"Temptation: Confessions of a Marriage Counselor\\", was written and directed by Tyler Perry and released this year. The film stars Jurnee Smollett-Bell, Kim Kardashian and Vanessa Williams. \\"Temptation\\" was filmed in Atlanta.\
\
\\"The Odd Life of Timothy Green\\" stars Jennifer Garner and Joel Edgerton and was released in 2012. Georgia filming locations included Albany, Atlanta, Canton, Dawson, Decatur, Newnan, and the Birmingham United Methodist Church in Alpharetta.\
\
\\"Lawless\\" was released last year and was filmed in Woodbury, Coweta County, Gay and LaGrange. Film stars include Shia LaBeouf, Tom Hardy, Jason Clarke, Guy Pearce, Jessica Chastain, Mia Wasikowski.\
\
\\"Trouble with the Curve\\" stars Clint Eastwood, Amy Adams, Justin Timberlake, and John Goodman. The film was released last year and was filmed in Macon, Dawsonville, Atlanta, Young Harris, Athens, Dunwoody and Jasper. Some specific locations include Dunwoody High School, Luther Williams Field in Macon, and Turner Field in Atlanta.\
\
\\"Bridesmaids\\" was not filmed in Georgia, but connects actresses Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy, who both recently filmed movies in Georgia. The film was released in 2011.\
\
\\"Identity Thief\\", released earlier this year, stars Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy. Most filming took place in Atlanta, and both The Colonnade Restaurant and the Cheshire Motor in are featured in the film.\
\
\\"The Change-Up\\", starring Ryan Reynolds, Jason Bateman, and Olivia Wilde, was released in 2011 and filmed entirely in Georgia. Filming locations include Alpharetta, Atlanta, and Turner Field in Atlanta.\
\
\\"Hall Pass\\" was filmed in Atlanta, Cumming, Gainesville and Johns Creek. Specific filming locations include Druid Hills Golf Club, Peachtree Hills Park, and The Pool Hall, all in Atlanta. The film stars Owen Wilson, Jason Sudeikis, Jenna Fischer and Christina Applegate, and was released in 2011.\
\
\\"The Incredible Burt Wonderstone\\" was not filmed in Georgia, but unites Steve Carell, Olivia Wilde and Jim Carrey, who were all recently in Georgia filming movies. The film opened earlier this year.\
\
\\"Zero Dark Thirty\\" was not filmed in Georgia, but connects actors who have filmed movies in Georgia recently. Joel Edgerton, Jason Clarke, and Jessica Chastain all star in Zero Dark Thrity. The film connects Joel Edgerton, who was recently in Georgia filming \\"The Odd Life of Timothy Green\\", to Jessica Chastain and Jason Clarke, who recently filmed \\"Lawless\\" in Georgia.}